---
title: Windows 2008 and IIS 7.5
date: 2010-08-19 14:30:25.000000000 -07:00
category: blog
tag:
- work
- ftp
- iis
- windows 2008 r2
---
<p>We got a new server at work and got some time to play around with Windows 208 R2. One thing I liked most was the new Server Manager UI. This basically gives you a full overview of what the server is set to do and you can add / remove role (services) here.</p>
<p>With that in mind, I started configuring the FTP service. The first thing that occurred to me is that I wanted to isolate users to their own directories. Selecting the "FTP User Isolation", there were three options for isolation.</p>
<ol>
<li>User name directory</li>
<li>User name physical directory</li>
</ol>
<p>Both options didn't seem to work even though I had created folders with the user names on the root FTP directory. The reason was that I was missing a root folder "LocalUser" before each of the user directories. So our new directory structure is as follows:</p>
<p>D:\FTP\LocalUser\<em>username</em></p>
<p>After that, we could log users into the FTP site. However, the next issue popped up. We could not get the users to see any virtual directories (directories which point to certain directories that are outside of the user's home directory).</p>
<p>In order to accomplish this, we had to right-click on the user's directory within the IIS manager and select "Add Virtual Directory". Additionally, we had to select "User name directory (disable global virtual directories) and ensure that virtual directories is enabled in the site's "FTP Directory Browsing" options.</p>
<p>After all that, it is now working for us! Hope it works for you too!</p>
