---
title: Welcome 2013
date: 2013-01-10 22:01:16.000000000 -08:00
category: blog
tag:
- personal
- work
- ccna
- contract-to-hire
- mcsa
---
<p>Hello everybody!</p>
<p>I'm sure there isn't a lot of people following my blog since I have taken a short hiatus. Regardless, it is a new year and of course, like all things, a new start. In the 10 months that I have been away from here I have switched jobs twice and have landed myself a contract position in a company with a well supported IT department. </p>
<p>I was at first petrified of the notion contract-to-hire positions. It has been two months since I started work in such a position and I have to say my hesitations and worries are starting to fade slowly. The main issue  or difference which I have noticed with such a position is that there is little to no benefits. I must take care of myself both financially and physically. I understand that I should be healthy regardless but in such a position, I cannot afford to be away from work. No work means no pay, and additionally with no benefits, I must pay for any health related costs. Aside from the this, I can safely say that it feels like "just another day at work". The work atmosphere, colleagues and environment is great!</p>
<p>And now to 2013.</p>
<p>This year, I'm hoping to complete various certifications and to obtain my bachelor. I'm currently working on the CCNA via CCENT exams. I will try to focus on items which I am working with education, work and personal interests as well.</p>
<p>Here's to a great 2013 and many hours of learning!</p>
